Add MiniMax-H3 (#14355)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/minimax_h3.md

<!-- Copyright 2026 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. -->

# MiniMax-H3

<!-- Remove this note once the pull request is merged. -->
> [!TIP]
> MiniMax-H3 is not part of a diffusers release yet. Install diffusers from the pull request to use it:
> `pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers.git@refs/pull/14355/head`

> MiniMax-H3 generates video and its soundtrack **jointly**. One transformer denoises a single packed sequence that holds the text conditioning, the conditioning image, video and audio rows, the target audio rows and the target video rows at once, with full self-attention over all of it. There is no separate vocoder and no audio post-hoc pass: video and audio come out of the same denoising loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MiniMax-H3 generates video and its soundtrack together. A single transformer denoises one packed sequence containing the text conditioning, conditioning media, and target video and audio latents. There is no separate vocoder and no audio post-hoc pass: video and audio come out of the same denoising loop.
```

You can find the original MiniMax-H3 checkpoints under the [MiniMaxAI](https://huggingface.co/MiniMaxAI) organization.

MiniMax-H3 is integrated as [Modular Diffusers](../../modular_diffusers/overview) blocks only, the way [Anima](./anima) is: the blocks and their [`MiniMaxH3ModularPipeline`] are the whole integration, and there is no `DiffusionPipeline` half.

## Checkpoint layout

MiniMax-H3 was released as two checkpoint partitions that share every component except the transformer, so the diffusers conversion puts both in **one repository**:

| Subfolder | Workflows |
|---|---|

> | `transformer/` | `t2va` (text only), `fl2va` (first and/or last keyframe) |

Reviewer 2: Curious. What does "va" stand for here?

Reviewer 3: video + audio
